HOME
Language Translation Company
communicate better Is Our professional translations mission

Order a FREE translation quote now.

Searching for a professional translation company to provide accurate document translations and localization services? Use Argos Translations with its competitive translation rates, fast turn-around times, superb quality and a complete portfolio of professional translation services that includes:

    document translations
    localization services / website translations
    desktop publishing services
    voice over services
    Plain English Writing (reducing your translation costs by over ca. 20%)

Multiple Global 1000 corporations, small businesses and government institutions depend on Argos’ professional translations to deliver accurate and high-quality document translation services. As a testament to its focus on translation quality, Argos is one of a few professional translation companies that is not only ISO 9001 certified, but is also an EU Approved translation company.

If you’re looking for accurate document translations and localization services, use a language translation company with an established track record, a professional translation company like Argos Translations. Argos offers all of the professional translation services you need, in the languages you require, at the level of quality you demand and with a price you can afford.

Send us your project today!

Ask for a free quote and order professional translation or localization services.
